DESCRIPTION
Are you excited about developing state-of-the-art Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, Deep Learning and Computer Vision algorithms and designs using large data sets to solve real world problems? Do you have proven analytical capabilities and can multi-task and thrive in a fast-paced environment? Do you want to build a foundation for your career after your Bachelor's or Master's or Ph.D program at an industry-leading company?
You enjoy the prospect of solving real-world problems that, quite frankly, have not been solved at scale anywhere before. Along the way, you’ll get opportunities to be a fearless disruptor, prolific innovator, and a reputed problem solver—someone who truly enables machine learning to create significant impacts.

As an Applied Scientist, you will bring statistical modeling and machine learning advancements to data analytics for customer-facing solutions in complex industrial settings. You will be working in a fast-paced, cross-disciplinary team of researchers who are leaders in the field. You will take on challenging problems, distill real requirements, and then deliver solutions that either leverage existing academic and industrial research, or utilize your own out-of-the-box pragmatic thinking. In addition to coming up with novel solutions and prototypes, you may even need to deliver these to production in customer facing products.

Location - Bangalore, Hyderabad, Chennai

“Amazon internships require full-time commitment. During the course of internship, interns should not have any conflicts including but not limited to academic projects, classes or other internships/employment. Any exam related details must be shared with the hiring manager to plan for absence during those days. Specific team norms around working hours will be communicated by the hiring/ reporting manager at the time of commencement of internship. Candidates receiving internship confirmation shall be required to submit declaration of their availability to complete the entire duration of internship, duly signed by a competent authority at their University. Internship commencement will be subject to successful submission of the declaration.”

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS
- Are 18 years of age or older
- Knowledge of programming languages such as C/C++, Python, Java or Perl

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
- Research experience related to machine learning, deep learning, NLP, computer vision, data science . Published and/or presented papers at ICASSP, ICML, NIPS, KDD, CVPR or similar top-tier conferences and events